I’m a college student (21F) in my sixth semester. I have a sister, two years younger than me, and she’s in her second. We both have very different track records. I’m an honor student on the Dean’s list and recently got accepted into the same honor society as my mom. My sister failed two classes her first semester and ended up losing her scholarship- the minimum GPA to keep it was a 2.0, and she had a 1.7. She’s always had a rough time with school, while it’s always been easy for me. I’m headed towards a career as a scientist, while she’s hoping to become a dancer. I’m also more levelheaded and studious- she tends to get emotional very easily, and she often procrastinates schoolwork until the last day. She says it helps her work better, but I think it’s affecting her grades. Apparently, the reason she failed her classes and lost her scholarship is because of the degree. She takes several dance lessons a week and wanted to get a degree in it. But me and the rest of our family suggested that she try something more stable that she can support herself with. In the end, she went into the culinary program since she loves to bake. Somehow, she ended up hating the class. She claims she was depressed because of the high standards and the overly critical chef. She says this led to her not being able to keep up well with her other classes, but to be honest I think she just procrastinated too long and missed assignments. She’s a little on the lazy side when it comes to schoolwork. She’s switched to a theatre degree with a heavy focus on dance, and she seems happier, although she’s mentioned still struggling with her work (to a lesser degree than last semester, however.) Tonight our mom, in a conversation about colleges, mentioned the scholarship that most people rely on- the one my sister lost- and I saw a good chance to (gently!) motivate her to work a bit harder this semester. I did NOT say anything specifically about her. All I said was that I didn’t see how people could lose that scholarship- the GPA is the bare minimum someone should be able to do. It should be easy for someone to keep up a 2.0 if they’re trying even a little. I did not intend to hurt my sister! She’s a sassy girl and has thick skin. I thought she would take it as I meant it- a gentle “hey, take it from someone who’s doing well, whatever you’re doing isn’t working.” But she started crying and went upstairs. She’s been up there ever since in her bedroom, dancing with her earbuds in and won’t let anyone talk to her. I’m wondering if I was too harsh on her. But I honestly don’t understand how “being sad” made her fail TWO classes, one of which wasn’t even culinary! It really shouldn’t have been hard keeping up a 2.0 GPA And she’s even struggling this semester. I’m trying, the only way I know how, to help my sister succeed. Should I have been nicer about it though?