To start off I love cooking and since me and my husband had gotten married earlier this year one of my ways of expressing affection towards him is by making packed lunches. I also try out different cuisines every week or so depending on how I feel. I usually wake up quite early to prepare his lunches because I also work full time. Getting to the point,  my husband's colleagues eventually started taking notice and my husband capitalised on that opportunity because one of them is a manager and my husband was finding a way to coax him in hopes of getting a better position at work. However the problem arises when without my permission he went ahead and spoke on my behalf  that  I will pack lunches for them too. When he came back home and told me I was quite disappointed  because even though I love making lunches for him, for his colleagues ( people I dont even know) it seemed exhausting. Moreover it is not just for one person which he initially had me believed  but rather 5 OF HIS COLLEAGUES. I tried it out for one day to make my husband happy , I had to wake up at 3:30 ish that day because my own work starts at 8. I was almost late for work  and had to rush through everything. It was not a pleasant experience.Long story short however,  that day I made thai packed lunches ( I made green curry, tom yum flavored wings, prawn fritters and thai fried rice) and they all enjoyed it. Now my husband is thinking of making it a weekly thing where every week  I make a different cuisine for them for any one of the weekdays. Although that may seem "easy" I don't want to do it anymore. I do like sharing the food I make but I don't want it to feel like a chore. My husband however thinks I'm the AH because he mentions that it is only once per week and that I'm just being lazy. Well he is not wrong I am lazy but I also just dont want to make food for his colleagues. The lunches I make are for my husband to enjoy. For some reason my husband thinks I'm being unreasonable and that I don't support him because by me doing this he believes they will be more inclined to give him a raise or a promotion or even a recommendation at work. I just find it pretentious that he has to depend on the food I make for a promotion , I am sure that he can get a promotion by his own merit because he is a very smart and accomplished man himself. I feel kind of torn between the idea of whether to continue  making  lunches ONLY for him or whether I should take that extra effort and make one , once every week for his colleagues too. Besides the money to make these lunches ( even if only once a week) comes from my pocket too which still if we add all 4 times in a month would be a fair too much just for food.EDIT: PLEASE FORGIVE ME IF I CAN'T GET TO ALL OF YOU, IM READING AND ABSORBING THE COMMENTS, sorry for caps❤ thank you all for the judgments and jokes