This stupid day lol. So my GF and I offered to watch my sisters dog tomorrow as we were planning on going on an hour walk at this nice walking area near us and know the dog loves outside time. My GF is pregnant and due April 10th and she wants to have our kid soon. The doctor said we could do an hour low intensity walk no problem. Well this morning my sister texted every single member of our families and some friends that we had our kid. Most friends assumed it was an April fools joke and left it alone, but most of the older relatives did not and we spent 3 hours of the day fielding phone calls, some rather overbearing as the annoyance was directed at us and not my sister for the false alarm. My GF was really stressed about the whole thing (and the calls started coming in 4 hours before she normally gets up so she didn’t get a good sleep) and she started feeling weird so to be safe we went to the doctors which took another 3 hours out of the day. She’s fine and our baby isn’t coming today but it was a work day for me and I lost 6 hours of work time plus just not being able to focus.My GF doesn’t want to go for the walk tomorrow anymore because she’s tired from everything today and I need the time to catch up on work. So i texted my sister “Funny joke…not. We can’t take our walk tomorrow anymore since the whole day was eaten up dealing with your “prank” so I won’t be picking up Bailey.”My sister called me right away and started laying into me because she made plans assuming we would have the dog and now if we bailed the dog was going to be home alone. Im pissed at her but don’t want the dog to suffer so I told her if it was dire she could drop him off then and he could stay here while I catch up on work but we aren’t going for a walk anymore and I’m not going an hour out of my way (30 mins between our places) to pick him up after she ruined my day.She called me an asshole and her boyfriend has been texting me that I’m being petty and it was just a joke. He also says they can’t afford the gas to get to my place and back for the dog. My MIL is staying with us and I asked her opinion and she said my sister was the ass and she understands me not wanting to go but my mom said I should just get over it and help my sister out since she didn’t mean any harm.AITA if I make her drop the dog off at the least and at the most make her cancel her plans because I won’t watch him as agreed after this?