I don’t know if this is a universal experience but when I was in elementary school my teacher used to pair the academically gifted quiet girls with the lazy or troublemaker boys and give us a task to teach them something or discipline them. Most of the time I hated it, I used to complain to my mom that my “student“ was slow or stupid, although now I recognize that some of these kids may have learning difficulties and would require special care. But at that time I didn’t know better. My 10 year old niece told me that her teacher was doing the same, she had paired all the girls with all the boys and tasked the girls to help them learn their lines for the next play, help them with homework etc. And guess what, my niece hates it. Her “Student“ is a troublemaker, he refuses to learn anything and makes fun of her with his friends. The teacher didn’t ask the girls if they agreed to it nor did she offer extra credit. In my opinion she just has these girls do her job for her. I told my niece that she’s not obligated to do this, and if she really doesn’t enjoy it she should let her teacher know and demand she’s freed from that responsibility. Well my niece did it and the teacher complained to her parents (my brother and SIL). My SIL then called me to yell at me, she told me to keep my liberal ideas to myself and that as a teacher herself, she understands how overworked and underpaid her colleagues are and doesn’t see a problem with it. I told her that if she doesn’t see a problem with her daughter‘s education being obstructed for the sake of a boy who doesn’t care, then she’s the problem. I am a doctor and I wouldn’t ask my healthier patients to help me with the sicker ones. I know it’s not the same but you got me. My brother agrees with me and apparently my niece has started a “revolution” in the class with her demand, as more girls demand to be excused from this unwanted task. Some of the girls actually enjoyed and the boys are apparently learning, this shows me that the task itself is not wrong but the way she approached it is. But I feel that from being parents to our younger siblings, to being responsible for other students’ education, little girls are being given more responsibility than they can handle. My SIL still thinks I am TA though.Edit: I don’t think all boys are lazy or troublemakers! Nor that there are no academically gifted boys who had the same experience! I just shared my own experience as context.